We are making an budgeting app for students primarily with the task based feature also so that one can manage their task on daily basis along with the your finances in the form of categories.

So if you spend like in dinner then it will come under your food category and if you buy a pen then it will come under the education category if you go to your house then the ticket cost will come under transportation category and so on .Similarly similarly you can also fix the amount of money you want to spend on this particular category such as if you want to spend 2000 on your food expenses then you can set it as that and at the end of month you can track if you have remained below the budget . 

Now regarding the task section, user can add task list along with a checkbox and if any expenses are occurred while completing that task. Then it will be linked to the database of your expenses as well.

FEATURES

FINANCE AND MONEY MANAGEMENT SIDED FEATURES

CATEGORY BASED BUDGETS: User can fix the amount of. Money they want to spend at the start of the month. And if the build fails due to any reason, then the user gets option to transfer the amount of money from one budget category to another. For example, if you have set a budget of 2000 for your Education purposes and it fails then you can add money from your Food or transportation budget to your education budget. 

CATEGORY BASED SPENDING : As discussed earlier you can group many of your spending under one category name for example all expenditure related to education will come under education category , anything you eat will come under food category similarly and so on .

CATEGORY SPEND ANALYSIS: user will able to see bar graph , pie charts and similar data representation of their spend and income.

CONTRI TRACKER : user can also track their contribution to any purchases made in Group and also the money they want back from or owe to their friends or relatives.

TASK AND TIME MANAGEMENT SIDED FEATURES

CREATE TASKS: Users can create and organize tasks, set due dates, and assign priorities.

TASK CATEGORIES AND LABELS: Allow users to categorize tasks into different categories or add labels for better organization.

TASK REMINDER AND NOTIFICATIONS: Send reminders and notifications to users about upcoming or overdue tasks.

TASK PROGRESS TRACKING: Enable users to track the progress of their tasks and mark them as completed.

TASK COMMENTS AND ATTACHMENTS : Provide a space for users to add comments, attach files, or leave notes on specific tasks.

ADDITIONAL FEATURES

Reward system on basis of staying under budget or completing tasks on monthly basis .

Dark and light mode

User accounts: Allow users to create accounts and securely log in to access their task and money management data from multiple devices.

Possible names
Money-Minded
TimeWallet
TimeWiseFin

Fonts
Mali
